Here are the instructions for constructing pgplot libraries, example
programs, and the font data file on an HP9000s730 machine running HPUX
version 8.07.  I see no reason why they shouldn't also apply to
other 700 series machines running 8.xx but I make no guarantees.
The drivers that are included here are nudriv, psdriv, vpdriv,
cpdriv, vcdriv, tedriv, xwdriv, and x2driv.  It should be simple
enough to add other drivers but some hacking might be required
(see summary of changes below).

I was not clever enough to build the binaries in any directory
other than the source directory.  So the steps to follow are:
  1. Change directory to ../pgplot/sys_hp.
  2. Run the script "setup" which moves the Makefile and
     system-dependent routines to the source directory.
  3. Change directory to ../pgplot/src.
  4  Execute in turn:
       make lib
       make grfont.dat
       make prog
       make oldlib (optional)
  5. After making sure that everything works (by trying out the
     example/demo programs), restore the source directory by
     executing "make clean"

Summary of Changes
------------------
 1. The HPUX compilers don't like routine names involving the '$'
    character or trailing underscores ('_'); they have to be renamed.
 2. Some system routines such as FDATE aren't available and have
    to be substituted for (see grdate.f).  The fortran routine
    GETENV is available but is apparently not documented anywhere.
    It is used in gruser.f as well as in grgenv.f.
 3. 'stderr' on HP machines is unit 7, not unit 0.  A few io routines
    have to be changed accordingly.
 4. The HPUX cc compiler doesn't like the multiple declarations of
    sprintf() that occur in a few routines.
 5. Some complex makefile constructs are not recognized by HPUX.
 6. Both versions of backing store don't seem to work on the HP 
    machines.  I had to set both SIGNAL and FORK to 0 in xwdriv.c.
    Perhaps some X-wizard can fix this.  But the X-window driver
    works fine without backing store at least on my machine which
    does not serve any Xterminals.
 7. If you want to use the x2driver which pipes pgplot output to
    an already existing Xwindow, you will have to make 'pgdisp'
    in the ../pgplot/pgdisp directory.  I found this driver to
    be extremely slow compared to the xwdriver and would consider
    using the former only in special circumstances.  However, if
    you are a bear for punishment, change to the ../sys_hp/pgdisp
    directory and move it's contents to the ../pgplot/pgdisp
    directory.  You may want to save the routines that will be
    overwritten first.  Rename all the pg.* routines by removing
    the suffix.  Then, "make -f Makefile.hp".


    Good luck!
			      Maurice Clement
			      Dept of Astronomy
			      University of Toronto
			      mclement@apus.astro.utoronto.ca
			      August 18, 1992
